1. A local TV station has hired a remote pilot to operate their small UA to cover breaking news stories. The remote pilot has had multiple near misses with obstacles on the ground and two small UAS accidents. What would be a solution for the news station to improve their operating safety culture?

A. The news station should implement a policy of no more than five crashes/incidents within 6 months.
B. The news station does not need to make any changes; there are times that an accident is unavoidable.
C. The news station should recognize hazardous attitudes and situations and develop standard operating procedures that emphasize safety.
2. Safety is an important element for a remote pilot to consider prior to operating an unmanned aircraft system. To prevent the final "link" in the accident chain, a remote pilot must consider which methodology?

A. Crew Resource Management.
B. Safety Management System.
C. Risk Management.
3. When adapting crew resource management (CRM) concepts to the operation of a small UA, CRM must be integrated into

A. the flight portion only.
B. all phases of the operation.
C. the communications only.
4. Identify the hazardous attitude or characteristic a remote pilot displays while taking risks in order to impress others?

A. Impulsivity.
B. Invulnerability.
C. Macho.
5. You have been hired as a remote pilot by a local TV news station to film breaking news with a small UA. You expressed a safety concern and the station manager has instructed you to "fly first, ask questions later." What type of hazardous attitude does this attitude represent?

A. Impulsivity.
B. Invulnerability.
C. Macho.
6. You are a remote pilot for a co-op energy service provider. You are to use your UA to inspect power lines in the remote area 15 hours away from your home office. After the drive, fatigue impacts your abilities to complete your assignment on time. Fatigue can be recognized

A. easily by an experienced pilot.
B. as being in an impaired state.
C. by an ability to overcome sleep deprivation.
7. Which is true regarding the presence of alcohol within the human body?

A. A small amount of alcohol increases vision acuity.
B. Consuming an equal amount of water will increase the destruction of alcohol and alleviate a hangover.
C. Judgment and decision-making abilities can be adversely affected by even small amounts of alcohol.
8. The effective use of all available resources—human, hardware, and information—prior to and during flight to ensure the successful outcome of the operation is called:

A. Safety Management System.
B. Crew Resource Management.
C. Risk Management.
9. Rapid or extra deep breathing while using oxygen can cause a condition known as

A. hyperventilation.
B. aerosinusitis.
C. aerotitis.
10. Which would most likely result in hyperventilation?

A. Emotional tension, anxiety, or fear.
B. The excessive consumption of alcohol.
C. An extremely slow rate of breathing and insufficient oxygen.
11. A pilot should be able to overcome the symptoms or avoid future occurrences of hyperventilation by

A. closely monitoring the flight instruments to control the airplane.
B. slowing the breathing rate, breathing into a bag, or talking aloud.
C. increasing the breathing rate in order to increase lung ventilation.
12. What is the antidote when a pilot has a hazardous attitude, such as "Antiauthority"?

A. Rules do not apply in this situation.
B. I know what I am doing.
C. Follow the rules.
13. What is the antidote when a pilot has a hazardous attitude, such as "Impulsivity"?

A. It could happen to me.
B. Do it quickly to get it over with.
C. Not so fast, think first.
14. What is the antidote when a pilot has a hazardous attitude, such as "Invulnerability"?

A. It will not happen to me.
B. It can not be that bad.
C. It could happen to me.
15. What is the antidote when a pilot has a hazardous attitude, such as "Macho"?

A. I can do it.
B. Taking chances is foolish.
C. Nothing will happen.
16. What is the antidote when a pilot has a hazardous attitude, such as "Resignation"?

A. What is the use.
B. Someone else is responsible.
C. I am not helpless.
17. Hazardous attitudes occur to every pilot to some degree at some time. What are some of these hazardous attitudes?

A. Poor risk management and lack of stress management.
B. Antiauthority, impulsivity, macho, resignation, and invulnerability.
C. Poor situational awareness, snap judgments, and lack of a decision making process.
18. In the aeronautical decision making (ADM) process, what is the first step in neutralizing a hazardous attitude?

A. Making a rational judgment.
B. Recognizing hazardous thoughts.
C. Recognizing the invulnerability of the situation.
19. Risk management, as part of the aeronautical decision making (ADM) process, relies on which features to reduce the risks associated with each flight?

A. Application of stress management and risk element procedures.
B. Situational awareness, problem recognition, and good judgment.
C. The mental process of analyzing all information in a particular situation and making a timely decision on what action to take.
20. When a stressful situation is encountered in flight, an abnormal increase in the volume of air breathed in and out can cause a condition known as

A. hyperventilation.
B. aerosinusitis.
C. aerotitis.
21. A pilot experiencing the effects of hyperventilation should be able to restore the proper carbon dioxide level in the body by

A. slowing the breathing rate, breathing into a paper bag, or talking aloud.
B. breathing spontaneously and deeply or gaining mental control of the situation.
C. increasing the breathing rate in order to increase lung ventilation.
22. A resource you can use to find out detailed information about the effects of alcohol and legal and illegal drugs is

A. NOTAMs.
B. the PHAK (Pilot's Handbook of Aeronautical Knowledge).
C. a Pilot's Operating Handbook.
23. When using the PAVE checklist, you want to evaluate the risks involving the

A. Passengers, Aviation, enVironment, and External pressures.
B. Pilot, Aircraft, enVironment, and Emergency situations.
C. Pilot, Aircraft, enVironment, and External pressures.
24. Which category of PAVE can cause pilots to ignore all of the other risk categories?

A. themselves, the pilot.
B. The external pressures of the flight.
C. The risks involving the environment.
25. You can use the IMSAFE checklist to

A. evaluate your condition as the remote pilot before a flight.
B. preflight your sUAS.
C. check for weather conditions.
26. Use the acronym IMSAFE before operating your sUAS to

A. make sure you meet all regulatory requirements.
B. preflight your sUAS.
C. make sure you as the remote pilot are fit for the flight.
27. The CARE attention scan can be used

A. before starting operations to evaluate the risks.
B. during operations to maintain situational awareness.
C. at the end of operations to debrief the crew.
28. The CARE attention scan helps ensure that during operations you

A. always have an alternative action available.
B. have all required documentation available.
C. have a positive attitude and hope for the best when things go wrong.
29. After having dinner and wine, your client asks you to go outside to demonstrate the small UAs capabilities. You must

A. pass a self-administered sobriety test before operating a small UA.
B. not operate a small UA within 8 hours of consuming any alcoholic beverage.
C. ensure that your visual observer has not consumed any alcoholic beverage in the previous 12 hours.
30. When a remote pilot-in-command and a visual observer define their roles and responsibilities prior to and during the operation of a small UA, this is a good use of

A. Crew Resource Management.
B. Authoritarian Resource Management.
C. Single Pilot Resource Management.